Add Forgejo oidc provider config example (#17872)
element-hq/synapse: docs/openid.md

is even mentioned in their [documentation](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/facebook-login/manually-build-a-login-flow#login)),
so we have to disable discovery and configure the URIs manually.

### Forgejo

Forgejo is a fork of Gitea that can act as an OAuth2 provider.

> The implementation of OAuth2 is improved compared to Gitea, as it provides a correctly defined sub claim.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The implementation of OAuth2 is improved compared to Gitea, as it provides a correctly defined `subject_claim` and `scopes`.
```

Reviewer: The previous "sub claim" makes sense if you're familiar with OAuth2 but I scratched my head a bit until I found:

> Subject (sub): The `sub` claim identifies the subject of the access token, which can be a user or a client (for machine-to-machine). For user access tokens, this claim often contains a unique identifier for the authenticated user (user id).
>
> *-- https://www.cerberauth.com/blog/oauth2-access-token-claims/*
